[singing voice] Aniplex.
[Man] First High School's
overall victory
is practically in the bag now.
[Man 2] If they do go on
to secure the championship,
our losses will
be over 100 million,
and that's in US dollars.
[Man 3] Are you just going
to give up, then?
Don't be absurd.
It'd be no different
from sitting here
and waiting to die.
[Man 4] With a lost as huge
as this one,
death won't be so simple.
If we're lucky,
they'll turn us
into half dead generators.
[Man 5] Now that it's all come
to this,
we can't afford
to be picky about our methods.
And if we have to resort
to more brutal means,
then that's what we have to do.
Hell, it doesn't matter
if our customers are suspicious.
As long as we leave no evidence,
we can give any excuse.
James is right.
Let's send in some more agents.
We need them
to target Mirage Bat.
[Man 2] They will have
to force everyone
of First High's competitors
to withdraw
by any means necessary.
[Man] If these teenagers' luck
somehow holds out,
they won't die,
but it'll just mean
that they weren't
so lucky after all.
[scoffs]
[Tatsuya] The cloudy weather
is actually rather ideal
for Mirage Bat,
I suppose.
It looks like the calm before
the storm.
Are you afraid that
something else could happen?
[Tatsuya] Their objective
is a mystery.
I don't know that something
will happen,
but I don't know
that nothing will, either.
[exhales]
[gasps]
[Tatsuya] There's no need
for you to worry, Miyuki.
If we are attacked,
I'll protect you.
You're my little sister.
[gasps]
[exhales]
[Rin singing in Japanese]
[Rin Akatsuki's "Konotede"]
♪♪ ♪♪
First up we have
Miss Kobayakawa's match.
[Miyuki] Wow, she seems
extremely fired up
for this round.
[Tatsuya] Depending
on how Mirage Bat goes,
we might just seal
our overall victory today.
So I get it.
[beeping]
[grunts]
[magical whooshing]
[both grunting]
[grunts]
[all grunting]
[Erika] Mizuki, are you sure
you'll be okay
without your glasses on?
To be honest,
it is a little uncomfortable.
But I believe it's about time
I acknowledge the truth.
I know I can't keep running
from this forever.
Aww, you're not doing that.
[Mizuki] Thanks, but I mean it.
I think it's wrong
to keep looking away.
I shouldn't avert my gaze
from what's visible to me.
I'm supposed to see it.
Like back when Miss Watanabe
got hurt,
if only I'd been watching when
the accident happened,
I suspect I could
have assisted Tatsuya somehow.
[Erika] Even so,
you can't keep
your eyes peeled all day.
[Mikihiko] If it's true
they're using spirit magic
and wielding ancient arcana
to sabotage their foes,
then Miss Shibata's eyes
will be our most
dependable aid out here.
‐ [gasps]
‐ Plus,
we've got a barrier around us
to decrease the amount
of Pushion light.
[Mikihiko] I don't think
there will be
any lingering effects
to worry about.
Hmm?
[giggles]
Oh, Miki,
are you gonna protect Mizuki?
Well, if something happens
to Mizuki,
you'd better be sure
to take responsibility for her.
By that I mean,
the kind of responsibility
a real gentleman takes
for a lady.
[both gasping]
[Mikihiko] This is not the time
to be saying things like that!
Oh?
Your concern over
her well being seems
a little, shall we say,
extraordinary?
‐ [Mikihiko] Hey!
‐ Miki's desire
to shield Mizuki is so obvious‐‐
Wow, you're just not very nice
sometimes, are you?
[cheers and applause]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[magical whirring]
[gasps]
[mechanics buzzing]
[all gasping]
[hissing]
[gasps]
[beeping]
[screams]
[all gasping]
[all shouting]
[whimpering]
[magical whirring]
[indistinct chatter]
[Tatsuya] A brush with danger
when magic fails you.
The ensuing sense
of distrust towards
the arcane arts often leads
to an inability
to cast any further spells
at all.
Miss Kobayakawa
might be finished
[beeping]
Mm?
[gasps]
[beeps]
‐ Hi, Mizuki.
‐ [Mizuki] Tatsuya.
‐ [Tatsuya] What's up?
‐ When she fell from the sky...
[Tatsuya] Did you
see something?
Mm.
Yeah.
I noticed a light
by Miss Kobayakawa's CAD
but it looked like a whole bunch
of spirits were bursting apart.
[Tatsuya] Really?
Interesting.
‐ So then‐‐
‐ [Tatsuya] Good job, Mizuki.
[gasps]
That was some extremely
useful information.
[gasps]
Glad to be of help!
[beeps]
[Miyuki] Brother,
what on Earth was that about?
The incident just now,
and I may be able to pinpoint
the cause of it.
So it is true.
Just as we suspected.
[grunts]
Miyuki.
[Tatsuya] I think you ought
to go get ready for your match.
But what about‐‐
[Tatsuya] Remember the promise
I made to you this morning?
There's no need for you
to worry.
[Miyuki] What?
So if you don't mind,
I'll go get your CAD checked
before the match.
I won't take too long.
[beeping]
[grunts]
Next in line.
[grunting]
[beeps]
[whirring]
[grunting]
[shouts]
[Tatsuya]
You've underestimated me.
[all gasping]
Seriously?
You're pathetic.
Did you honestly think
I wouldn't notice
if you tampered with something
of Miyuki's?
‐ [man groaning]
Your examination machine,
what did it upload to her CAD?
[Tatsuya] It's not just
a virus, right?
Still,
all of the supposed "accidents"
my classmates suffered couldn't
have been your doing,
could they?
[groans]
[Tatsuya] What's the matter?
Too afraid to admit it?
[whimpering]
[man squeals]
‐ [Retsu] What's going on here?
‐ [Tatsuya] Hmm?
[all gasping]
Your Excellency Kudou?
[grunts]
I'm terribly sorry.
I have caused a disturbance.
[Retsu] You're Tatsuya Shiba
of First High.
Is that correct?
You played
a magnificent match yesterday.
So please tell me
what's happened.
Yes, sir.
The CADs used
by my school's athletes
have been tampered with.
I apprehended the culprit
and was about
to interrogate him to see
if I could find out who
was behind this.
[Retsu] Is that right?
Mm.
Hmm.
True, a foreign element
has been injected into this.
When I was still
on active military duty,
the magicians
of the Guangdong Army
used this during the battle
of the East China Seas.
GES.
Golden Electron Silkworms‐‐
a delayed activation sequence
that invades electronic devices
causing malfunctions.
Until our technicians were able
to identify the spell,
my brothers in arms suffered
many casualties.
Did you know this is what caused
those accidents?
[Tatsuya] Negative.
I've never heard the term
Golden Electron Silkworms
until this moment,
although I immediately
recognized something
eerily similar to a virus
had been injected into
a system I designed myself.
[gasping]
[Retsu] Very good.
So tell me, saboteur.
Where on Earth did you acquire
this illegal magic sequence?
[shuddering]
[Retsu] Now then,
Mr. Shiba,
I do believe you should
be getting back
to the stadium as soon
as possible,
and I'd use a backup CAD,
if I were you,
in light of the situation.
There's no need for you
to have it checked pre‐match.
To imagine that somebody among
the tournament staff
was involved in tampering.
‐ A scandal beyond belief.
‐ [gasps]
I'll expect you as head
of staff to explain this
to me later.
Hmm.
‐ [Retsu] Tatsuya Shiba.
‐ Hmm?
I'd also like to hear
from you again in the future.
Yes, if I get the opportunity.
[Retsu] I suppose I'll
be looking forward
to that opportunity
most eagerly.
[indistinct chatter]
[all gasping]
‐ [Miyuki] Brother!
‐ [gasps]
[breathing heavily]
I apologize if I worried you,
Miyuki.
No, it's fine.
Still, though.
It's just whenever you're
truly angry about something,
I've noticed that, well,
it's always been for my sake.
[chuckles]
I guess you're right.
It's really only ever
for your sake
that I'll get genuinely angry.
[Tatsuya] But listen to me.
It's only natural for a brother
to protect his little sister.
‐ [whimpers]
‐ [Tatsuya] And that feeling
is the one and only
authentic thing left
within my heart.
‐ So believe me when I say‐‐
‐ [gasps]
[Tatsuya] You don't need
to feel sad for me.
And besides,
it would be a shame
to ruin your makeup
because it looks
particularly good today.
Remember, Miyuki,
this is your day
to shine bright.
Brother.
You're embarrassing me.
[chuckles]
‐ [Mayumi] My, my, my, Tatsuya.
‐ Hmm?
When I was informed by
the tournament committee
that one of our students
had gone on a rampage,
I simply did not know what
to make of this news,
but it was just an older brother
with a hardcore sibling complex
who went berserk
over someone messing
with his precious little sister.
[all laughing]
[stammering]
[cheers and applause]
[buzzing]
Hmm?
[Tatsuya] It's hard
to believe Miyuki only
has this slim of a lead after
the second period.
The NSC is no joke.
‐ [Miyuki] Brother?
‐ [gasps]
Is it all right with you
if I use the spell?
[gasps]
[exhales]
‐ [Tatsuya] Yes.
‐ [gasps]
You can do anything you want,
of course.
Thank you!
[cheering]
[grunts]
[beeping]
[magical whooshing]
[grunts]
[both gasping]
[gasping]
[gasps]
[both gasping]
[all gasping]
[grunting]
No way.
Whoa, insane.
That's a flying spell.
[grunts]
[grunting]
She's got flying magic?
Isn't that Taurus Silver's,
though?
How's this possible?
That sequence was only
just announced last month!
[boy] I know,
but check her out!
No question.
It's flying magic!
[girl] She's flying!
[buzzing]
[magical whooshing]
[exhales]
[crowd cheering]
[gasps]
[giggles]
[indistinct chatter]
[Man] I just received word
from Number 17.
Our target in the second round
of Mirage Bat
made it to the final.
I think we're past the point
of being selective
about our methods,
but who knows?
[Man 3] So,
what are you gonna do?
[Man] We have no choice
but to get
the whole tournament called off.
Using a generator
to indiscriminately kill 100
or so of the audience members
should suffice.
[Man 2] Will Number 17 alone
be enough manpower for the job?
[Man] He has no weapons,
but if we remove his limiter
and let him run wild
he can kill 100 or two
with his bare hands.
Won't the gamblers complain?
The weapon brokers
will be a nightmare,
never mind our associates.
Arms dealers are tied
with various governments
all around the world.
We can figure out an excuse
for our clientele.
Right now our main concern
should be our organization's
financial well being.
[Man] Any objections?
‐ [groans]
‐ [Man] Then it's decided.
I'm removing the limiter.
[magical whirring]
[whooshing]
[crowd cheering]
[both grunting]
‐ [Number 17 groans]
‐ That was quite a fall.
Gotta admit,
I'm impressed you were able
to survive.
[Muraji] Who are you?
Never mind.
There's no need for you
to answer.
You probably
can't respond anyway.
The resilience of your body,
surely it's not only magic.
Are you an enhanced human?
[Shigeru] Muraji Yanagi.
Didn't you just tell him
there's no need to answer?
Besides, given that you landed
from the same height
but on your feet,
it's safe too assume he doesn't
wanna hear that from you, right?
[scoffs]
[booming]
I wasn't expecting a reply
to that, FYI.
[Muraji] Just thinkin' out loud.
[chuckles]
Even so,
it's always interesting
to see your work.
[Shigeru] So was that Revolution
you used?
[Muraji] I've told
you repeatedly.
It's not revolution.
It's Flip.
Enough with the witty banter.
Are you gonna help me bring down
this criminal or what?
[electric sparking]
[grunts]
[Shigeru] Oh, absolutely.
Let's get right on that.
Great idea,
though it seems
Fujibayashi has him
in custody already thanks
to Thunder Needle.
[Kyouko] Wow, you two
are real chummy
for coworkers,
aren't ya?
Fujibayashi.
I thought that you possessed
good eyesight, no?
Maybe so, but it's not
her sight that's in question.
It's her insight.
[Shigeru] She needs a therapist,
not an eye doctor.
Funny.
You two are in perfect synch,
like a comedy duo.
both: Mm?
‐ [groans]
‐ [chuckles]
[knocking]
Come on in.
[door opens]
[beeps]
[Miyuki] Hope I'm not
interrupting anything.
[Tatsuya] Miyuki.
You're all done
with your shower?
Yep.
[Tatsuya] So what brings
you here?
Is there something you want me
to do for you?
[Miyuki] You're asking
if there's something
I want you to do for me?
Well, I...
[whimpers]
[exhales]
[stammers]
‐ [Tatsuya] Just tell me.
‐ [whimpers]
You said it was important
that I sleep before the final.
Are you still recommending
I should do that?
[Tatsuya] I am.
If possible you should try
to get some rest.
Even if you're not tired,
just lying down will help.
No complaining you don't want
to get into bed, okay?
Oh, of course not.
I'll happily do whatever
you advise, brother.
[Miyuki] It's just that...
If you don't mind...
I was hoping maybe you
could stay by my side.
[chuckles]
You really are a baby, Miyuki.
That's not strange, is it?
You asked what I want and that's
for you to dote on me.
All right,
but no lullaby.
I won't be singing.
[whimpers]
[groans]
Thank you, brother.
[breathing deeply]
[Tatsuya] Even though
the attempt failed,
who knew they'd go so far
as to use a generator
to plot a massacre?
I guess they no longer care
how it looks.
What extremes will they go
to next?
[breathing deeply]
[gasps]
[exhales]
[chuckles]
[crowd cheering]
[Tatsuya] How do you feel?
I'm in tip top shape tonight.
My drive and energy
are restored,
so I'd like to use flying magic
from the start, please.
Very well.
Go on and fly as much
as you want.
Right!
[beeping]
[grunts]
[magical whooshing]
‐ [Miyuki grunting]
‐ [Woman] ♪♪ Soul fever ♪♪
[exhales]
[all gasping]
[Woman] ♪♪ 'Cause I'm
a believer ♪♪
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ Soul fever ♪♪
‐ ♪♪ 'Cause I'm a believer ♪♪
‐ [Azusa] More flying?
The other schools, too?
After the second round,
it seems a couple
of teams accused us of cheating.
[Tatsuya] I was requested
by the tournament committee
to submit Miyuki's CAD
for inspection.
But in defiant response
to the complaint,
the committee must have leaked
the magic sequence
to the other schools.
I can't believe it.
That's not a spell any magician
can master
without practicing it first.
Oh, don't worry.
If they're using Silver Sequence
as it was designed,
and even if something
goes wrong,
a safety device should kick in.
♪♪ ♪♪
[all grunting]
[girl grunts]
[gasping]
[magical whirring]
[gasps]
[all gasping]
[girl] What's that?
Appears the safety measure
is functioning just
as it's supposed to.
[grunts]
[cheering]
[man rapping in French]
[Taku Iwasaki's "Metaphore2"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[gasps]
[Tatsuya] I think I...
[giggles]
[cheers and applause]
[Rei singing in Japanese]
[Rei Yasuda's "Mirror"]
♪♪ ♪♪